
# Running meeting notes


**Live notes on cryptpad** (view only link): https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/Avf29+w00EINczMKnYr66pvIAe3vdSPeJU6nRTIhCoc/

**Contents**
- [Meeting 2026-01-22](#meeting-2026-01-22 )


---

```
<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
# Meeting yyyy-mm-dd
## Attendees
## Apologies
## Notes
<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
```


<mark>Actions are highlighted</mark>

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->



# Meeting 2026-01-22 
## Attendees
- Felix (UWE) Felix.Ritchie@uwe.ac.uk
- Simon (Dundee) s.p.li@dundee.ac.uk
- Neha (Edinburgh, Comms) Neha.Okhandiar@researchdata.scot
- James (UK Data Service) jscott@essex.ac.uk
- Leigh (UK Data Service) leigh.tate@essex.ac.uk
- Jenny (Dundee, Operational lead of Health Informatics Service) j.johnston@dundee.ac.uk
- Cass (RCM Cooperative) cassandra.gouldvanpraag@rcmcooperative.com
- Amy amy.tilbrook@hdruk.ac.uk
- Kate k.k.osullivan@sheffield.ac.uk
- Elizabeth elizabeth7.green@uwe.ac.uk



## Apologies


## Notes
- Agenda
    - Timing
    - Venue
    - Invitations
    - Sponsorship
    - Regular meeting slot that most people can make

### Timing
- Neha suggests Edinburgh, needs timeline
- Nov wk 2-3
    - Dont want to get caught up with Xmas markets
    - Review availability eith EFI
- Leigh looking out for other potential clashes, maybe something in Manchester?
- Leeds was 3d
    - Considering longer, to bring more international attendees
    - People are enquiring about satellites
    - Mon-Wed, optional Thur
- period 14-18th rings a bell for being the clash, but I can't find locate anything specific just now, on a first viewing, so certainly first couple of weeks as Felix just stated would seem to work


### Venue
- [Edinburgh Futures Institute, EFI](https://efi.ed.ac.uk/about/our-home/)
- Numbers
    - Pleanry and breakouts
    - 100-150 in person
    - 4 parallel breakouts (n=20-25 each), often one larger grou
- Hybrid, but will need more coordination
- Venue is a good space for hybrid
- Venue costs?
    - <mark>Neha to inviestigate</mark>
    - Will need some budget for catering
- Research Data Scotland based at EFI
- Not yet looking into other venues
- EFI are keen to support

### Invitations to contibute
- Simon put a call on UKTRE mailing list
    - 8 replies
    - Expressions of interest to lead a session/workshop
        - Aiming to get people to come up with coherent sesisons rather than a braod call for papers
        - [Questionnaire](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSewwAHMnMCMoalToilw81I6Luo0c3p0-wiw4rpOI4gL21X7Rg/viewform?usp=dialog)
        - Send out a reminder
    - Do we want to have community reivew of EoI?
    - Sesion organisers would be responsible for selecting and reviewing content
        - No submission platform managed centrally
    - Want a mixture of interactive sessions
- EoI topics so far
    - <mark>add summary</mark>
        - <mark>Cass/Simon make sure folks have access to answers and circulate</mark>
- We might need to provide some support to session organisers to make sure they are high quality offerings
- Send out some targetted invites to submit EoI 
    - <mark>Cass: Get DARE to circulate to interest groups, cc Simon</mark>
- <mark>Review feedback form form from last year for +/-</mark> - done, below.
    - Summarised paragraph was sent to DARE:
        - + interactive and networking
        - - too much parallel
        - more incorporation of PPIE throughout
        - How commercial providers are integrating
        - less emphasis on health data
        - This gorup would like more EU integration 
- <mark>Need to firm up date on next circulation</mark>
- Do another stage of EoI
    - Prioritising earlier submissions
        - Confirm with hosts that these are included
    - Include first round confirmed sessions to highlight gaps/opportunities
    - Put a deadline on this



### Sponsorship / Finance
- DARE will provied some funding, but reduced from last year
- Expect multiple pots to be comming in
- Host insitution will be needed to manage funds
    - EFI could handle this in kind
        - <mark>Neha will inviestigate</mark>
            - Noting this would require resourcing
    - [OLS](http://we-are-ols.org/) could manage for 15% overhead
- Other venues might come with an events manager, etc. 
- What was money spent on
    - Burseries (came out of commuity group grants)
    - AV expected to be covered by the venue
    - Ticketing?
    - <mark>Kate will Ask Najmeh for a copy of the reporting</mark>
    - Minimally printed materials (eco-conscious)
    - Badges/merch
    - Speaker costs / accessability grants?
        - Individual interest groups each had pots offered to their members. Minimal uptake so underspend covered drinks reception etc. 
        - Not expecting to pay speakers. All are eligable to apply for bursery.
- Private sponsors
    - Need to get finaincials confirmed to start 
    - <mark>Felix has a sponsorship pack we could reuse</mark>
    - Maybe think about ethical boundries????

### Group logistics
- Regular meeting slot
    - Thursday 15:00
    - <mark>Cass send two invites - planning and co-working</mark> - done
- <mark>UKTRE slack channel alreay exists</mark>
    - <mark>Add Neha and Jenny - check for others missing</mark>
- <mark>Email first</mark>
    - TRE-CONFERENCE-ORGANISERS@jiscmail.ac.uk (Simon is admin)
- Transparency
    - Keep a privacy minded
    - <mark>GitHub for organisation under issues</mark>
- Website
    - Luma for registration
    - GitHub pages website (e.g. https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/climate-informatics-2024/)
        - <mark>Cass can set up</mark> - done: https://github.com/orgs/TRE-Communities-Conference/repositories
        - Free
    - Could be hosted in UKTRE?
        - Would other community groups be ok with that?
        - UKTRE website is a bit of a mess... Easier to set up something seperately
        - SDAP would support something seperate
- Comms
    - RDS
    - DARE

### Satellite events
- Ensure those folks need to pay and be responsible for organisation
- We need to be clear about parameters
    - They pay
    - Offer to add it onto our contract
    - What do they want to achieve (e.g half day?)
    - Caterin needs
- <mark>Amy will liaise with interested group</mark>
    - Offer sattelite day on Thur
- Covering organiser costs?
    - Maybe scope to explore from other group underspends







